## xpsp2res.dll

Path: %SystemRoot%\System32\xpsp2res.dll

### 5.1.2600.5512, 5.2.3790.1830, 5.2.3790.3959

Message identifier | Message string
--- | ---
0x00000209 | Unable to log events to security log:%n\r\n%tStatus code:%t%t%1%n\r\n%tValue of CrashOnAuditFail:%t%2%n\r\n
0x0000020b | The security log is now %1 percent full.\r\n
0x00000326 | Per User Audit Policy was refreshed.%n\r\n%tNumber of elements:%t%1%n\r\n%tPolicy ID:%t%2%n\r\n
0x00000327 | Per user auditing policy set for user:%n\r\n%tTarget user:%t%1%n\r\n%tPolicy ID:%t%2%n\r\n%tCategory Settings:%n\r\n%t System:%t%3%n\r\n%t Logon:%t%4%n\r\n%t Object Access%t%5%n\r\n%t Privilege Use:%t%6%n\r\n%t Detailed Tracking:%t%7%n\r\n%t Policy Change:%t%8%n\r\n%t Account Management:%t%9%n\r\n%t DS Access:%t%10%n\r\n%t Account Logon:%t%11%n\r\n
0x00000350 | The following policy was active when the Windows Firewall started.\r\n%n\r\n%nGroup Policy applied: %1\r\n%nProfile used: %2\r\n%nInterface: %3\r\n%nOperational mode: %4\r\n%nServices:\r\n%n     File and Printer Sharing: %5\r\n%n     Remote Desktop: %6\r\n%n     UPnP Framework: %7\r\n%nAllow remote administration: %8\r\n%nAllow unicast responses to multicast/broadcast traffic: %9\r\n%nSecurity Logging:\r\n%n     Log dropped packets: %10\r\n%n     Log successful connections %11\r\n%nICMP:\r\n%n     Allow incoming echo request: %14\r\n%n     Allow incoming timestamp request: %19\r\n%n     Allow incoming mask request: %20\r\n%n     Allow incoming router request: %18\r\n%n     Allow outgoing destination unreachable: %12\r\n%n     Allow outgoing source quench: %17\r\n%n     Allow outgoing parameter problem: %16\r\n%n     Allow outgoing time exceeded: %15\r\n%n     Allow redirect: %13\r\n%n     Allow outgoing packet too big: %21\r\n
0x00000351 | An application was listed as an exception when the Windows Firewall started.\r\n%n\r\n%nPolicy origin: %1\r\n%nProfile used: %2\r\n%nName: %3\r\n%nPath: %4\r\n%nState: %5\r\n%nScope: %6\r\n
0x00000352 | A port was listed as an exception when the Windows Firewall started.\r\n%n\r\n%nPolicy origin: %1\r\n%nProfile used: %2\r\n%nInterface: %3\r\n%nName: %4\r\n%nPort number: %5\r\n%nProtocol: %6\r\n%nState: %7\r\n%nScope: %8\r\n
0x00000353 | A change has been made to the Windows Firewall application exception list.\r\n%n\r\n%nPolicy origin: %1\r\n%nProfile changed: %2\r\n%nChange type: %3\r\n%nNew Settings:\r\n%n     Name: %4\r\n%n     Path: %5\r\n%n     State: %6\r\n%n     Scope: %7\r\n%nOld Settings:\r\n%n     Name: %8\r\n%n     Path: %9\r\n%n     State: %10\r\n%n     Scope: %11\r\n
0x00000354 | A change has been made to the Windows Firewall port exception list.\r\n%n\r\n%nPolicy origin: %1\r\n%nProfile changed: %2\r\n%nInterface: %3\r\n%nChange type: %4\r\n%nNew Settings:\r\n%n     Name: %5\r\n%n     Port number: %6\r\n%n     Protocol: %7\r\n%n     State: %8\r\n%n     Scope: %9\r\n%nOld Settings:\r\n%n     Name: %10\r\n%n     Port number: %11\r\n%n     Protocol: %12\r\n%n     State: %13\r\n%n     Scope: %14\r\n
0x00000355 | The Windows Firewall operational mode has changed.\r\n%n\r\n%nPolicy origin: %1\r\n%nProfile changed: %2\r\n%nInterface: %3\r\n%nNew Setting:\r\n%n     Operation mode: %4\r\n%nOld Setting:\r\n%n     Operation mode: %5\r\n
0x00000356 | The Windows Firewall logging settings have changed.\r\n%n\r\n%nPolicy origin: %1\r\n%nProfile changed: %2\r\n%nNew Settings:\r\n%n     Log dropped packets: %3\r\n%n     Log successful connections: %4\r\n%nOld Settings:\r\n%n     Log dropped packets: %5\r\n%n     Log successful connections: %6\r\n
0x00000357 | A Windows Firewall ICMP setting has changed.\r\n%n\r\n%nPolicy origin: %1\r\n%nProfile changed: %2\r\n%nInterface: %3\r\n%nNew Setting:\r\n%n     %4: %5\r\n%nOld Setting:\r\n%n     %4: %6\r\n
0x00000358 | The Windows Firewall setting to allow unicast responses to multicast/broadcast traffic has changed.\r\n%n\r\n%nPolicy origin: %1\r\n%nProfile changed: %2\r\n%nNew Setting:\r\n%n     Allow unicast responses to multicast/broadcast traffic: %3\r\n%nOld Setting:\r\n%n     Allow unicast responses to multicast/broadcast traffic: %4\r\n
0x00000359 | The Windows Firewall setting to allow remote administration, allowing port TCP 135 and DCOM/RPC, has changed.\r\n%n\r\n%nPolicy origin: %1\r\n%nProfile changed: %2\r\n%nNew Setting:\r\n%n     Allow remote administration: %3\r\n%nOld Setting:\r\n%n     Allow remote administration: %4\r\n
0x0000035a | Windows Firewall group policy settings have been applied.\r\n
0x0000035b | The Windows Firewall group policy settings have been removed.\r\n
0x0000035c | The Windows Firewall has switched the active policy profile.\r\n%n\r\n%nActive profile: %1\r\n
0x0000035d | The Windows Firewall has detected an application listening for incoming traffic.\r\n%n\r\n%nName: %1\r\n%nPath: %2\r\n%nProcess identifier: %3\r\n%nUser account: %4\r\n%nUser domain: %5\r\n%nService: %6\r\n%nRPC server: %7\r\n%nIP version: %8\r\n%nIP protocol: %9\r\n%nPort number: %10\r\n%nAllowed: %11\r\n%nUser notified: %12\r\n
0x000003e8 | Processing media-specific event for [%1!ws!]\r\n
0x000003e9 | The Wep key exchange did not result in a secure connection setup after 802.1x authentication.  The current setting has been marked as failed and the Wireless connection will be disconnected.\r\n
0x000003ea | Invalid PEAP-TLV was received. There should only be one PEAP-TLV with type=URL identifier.\r\n
0x000003eb | Error in processing received PEAP-TLV (%1!ld!)\r\n
0x000003ec | Error in creating result PEAP-TLV in response to received PEAP-TLV (%1!ld!)\r\n
0x00000500 | Successfully opened IKE ports (UDP 500/4500) in the Windows Firewall.\r\n
0x00000501 | Successfully closed IKE ports (UDP 500/4500) in the Windows Firewall.\r\n
0x00000708 | The Windows Security Center Service has started.\r\n
0x00000709 | The Windows Security Center Service has stopped.\r\n
0x000013ec | RA: A file named %1, with file size %2 bytes was successfully sent by (local user) %3 to (remote user) %4 (remote IP: %5).\r\n
0x000013ed | RA: A file named %1 with size %2 bytes was received from (remote user) %3 (remote IP: %4) by (local user) %5.\r\n
0x000013ee | RA: A XML parsing error for (local user) %1 occurred when attempting to process a remote assistance ticket.\r\n
0x000013ef | RA: Expert user (remote user: %1) has started controlling novice (local user: %2)\r\n
0x000013f0 | RA: Expert user (remote user: %1) has stopped controlling novice (local user: %2).\r\n
0x000013f1 | RA: Expert (local user: %1) has started controlling novice user (remote user: %2).\r\n
0x000013f2 | RA: Expert (local user: %1) has stopped controlling novice user (remote user: %2).\r\n
0x00001483 | The HelpAssistant account is disabled or missing, or the password could not be verified. Remote Assistance will be disabled. Restart the computer in safe mode and type the following text at the command prompt: sessmgr.exe -service.  If the problem persists, contact Microsoft Product Support.\r\n
0x00001484 | Windows was unable to open the help ticket table (error code %1). Remote Assistance will be disabled. Restart the computer in safe mode and type the following text at the command prompt: sessmgr.exe -service. If the problem persists, contact Microsoft Product Support.\r\n
0x00001485 | Encryption/decryption did not start properly (error code %1). Remote Assistance will be disabled. Restart the computer. If the problem persists, contact Microsoft Product Support.\r\n
0x00001486 | An error occurred during Remote Assistance setup. Remote Assistance will be disabled. Restart the computer in safe mode and type the following text at the command prompt: sessmgr.exe -service. If the problem persists, contact Microsoft Product Support.\r\n
0x00001487 | The winsock library did not start properly (error code %1). Remote Assistance will be disabled. Restart the computer. If the problem persists, contact Microsoft Product Support.\r\n
0x00001488 | The Remote Desktop Help session manager did not start properly (error code %1). Remote Assistance will be disabled. Restart the computer in safe mode and type the following text at the command prompt: sessmgr.exe -service.  If the problem persists, contact Microsoft Product Support.\r\n
0x00001489 | The session resolver did not start properly (error code %1). Remote Assistance will be disabled. The Help and Support service session resolver is not set up properly. Rerun Windows XP Setup. If the problem persists, contact Microsoft Product Support.\r\n
0x0000148a | Windows is unable to register the session resolver (error code %1). Remote Assistance will be disabled. Restart the computer. If the problem persists, contact Microsoft Product Support.\r\n
0x0000148b | Windows is unable to start the ICS library (error code %1). Remote Assistance will be disabled. Restart the computer. If the problem persists, contact Microsoft Product Support.\r\n
0x0000148c | Windows is unable to set up access control to the Remote Desktop Help session manager (error code %1). Remote Assistance will be disabled. Restart the computer. If the problem persists, contact Microsoft Product Support.\r\n
0x0000148d | User %1\%2 has accepted a %3 session from %4 (visible IP address: %5).\r\n
0x0000148e | A %3 session for user %1\%2 from %4 (visible IP address: %5) ended.\r\n
0x0000148f | User %1\%2 has not accepted a %3 session (visible IP address: %5).\r\n
0x00001490 | User %1\%2 did not respond to a %3 session from %4 (visible IP address: %5). The invitation timed out.\r\n
0x00001491 | A %3 session for user %1\%2 from %4 (visible IP address: %5) was not accepted because the user is not currently logged on or the session is inactive.\r\n
0x00001492 | A %3 session for user %1\%2 from %4 (visible IP address: %5) was not accepted because the user has already been helped.\r\n
0x00001493 | A %3 session for user %1\%2 from %4 (visible IP address: %5) was not accepted due to the following unknown error: %6.\r\n
0x00001494 | Novice (local user: %1\%2) has started a Remote Assistance reverse connection to %3 (visible IP address: %4).\r\n
0x00001495 | Remote assistance connection from %1 (visible IP address: %2) was not accepted because the help ticket is invalid, expired, or deleted.\r\n
0x00001496 | A remote assistance ticket has been created with duration: %1hrs for user %2\%3.\r\n
0x00001497 | A remote assistance ticket has been deleted for user %1\%2.\r\n
0x00001498 | %1 has created a Remote Assistance Expert Ticket for use with Reverse Connect.  The Connection Parameters for this Expert ticket are %2.\r\n
0x00001499 | Remote Assistance (local user: %1) has opened an incoming data channel on this computer for a Remote Assistance session. The incoming port is %2.\r\n
0x0000149a | Expert (local user: %1) has opened the following ticket: %2.\r\n
0x00002799 | ftp: %1!I64d! bytes received in %0.\r\n
0x0000279a | ftp: %1!I64d! bytes sent in %0.\r\n
0x0000665d | Deleted invalid filename %1 (%3) in directory %2.\r\n
0x0000665e | File %1 has been orphaned since all its filenames were invalid\r\nWindows will recover the file in the orphan recovery phase.\r\n
0x00006a93 | The NTFS file name attribute in file 0x%1 is incorrect.\r\n
0x4000002d | A device driver is leaking locked I/O pages causing system degradation.  The system has automatically enabled tracking code in order to try and catch the culprit.\r\n
0x4000070f | The Security Center service has been stopped.  It was prevented from running by a software group policy.\r\n
0x4000098c | MS DTC started with the following settings:%r%r\r\n\r\nSecurity Configuration (OFF = 0 and ON = 1):%r\r\n     Network Administration of Transactions = %1,%r\r\n     Network Clients = %2,%r\r\n     Inbound Distributed Transactions using Native MSDTC Protocol = %3,%r\r\n     Outbound Distributed Transactions using Native MSDTC Protocol = %4,%r\r\n     Transaction Internet Protocol (TIP) = %5,%r\r\n     XA Transactions = %6%0\r\n
0x4000098d | DTC Security Configuration values (OFF = 0 and ON = 1):\r\n\tNetwork Administration of Transactions = %1,%r\r\n\tNetwork Clients = %2,%r\r\n\tInbound Distributed Transactions using Native MSDTC Protocol = %3,%r\r\n     \tOutbound Distributed Transactions using Native MSDTC Protocol = %4,%r\r\n\tTransaction Internet Protocol (TIP) = %5,%r\r\n\tXA Transactions = %6%0\r\n
0x40001518 | You are running a version of Microsoft SQL Server 2000 or Microsoft SQL\r\nServer 2000 Desktop Engine (also called MSDE) that has known security\r\nvulnerabilities when used in conjunction with this version of Windows.\r\nTo reduce your computer's vulnerability to certain virus\r\nattacks, the TCP/IP and UDP network ports of Microsoft SQL Server 2000,\r\nMSDE, or both have been disabled.  To enable these ports, you must install\r\na patch, or the most recent service pack for Microsoft SQL Server 2000 or\r\nMSDE from http://www.microsoft.com/sql/downloads/default.asp\r\n
0x400015e0 | The WinMgmt service detected an inconsistency within your repository in the directory %windir%\system32\wbem\repository \r\nand was not able to recover it.  The contents have been deleted, and a new repository has been created.\r\n
0x40001644 | Remote Media Center session was logged off because system validation failed.\r\n
0x4000279c | {Display Driver Recovered From Failure}\r\nThe %hs display driver has detected and recovered from a failure. Some graphical operations may have failed. The next time you reboot the machine a dialog will be displayed giving you a chance to upload data about this failure to Microsoft.\r\n
0x400028a0 |   Can not obtain ownership information\r\n
0x400028a1 | \r\nDisplays protocol statistics and current TCP/IP network connections.\r\n\r\nNETSTAT [-a] [-b] [-e] [-n] [-o] [-p proto] [-r] [-s] [-v] [interval]\r\n\r\n  -a            Displays all connections and listening ports.\r\n  -b            Displays the executable involved in creating each connection or\r\n                listening port. In some cases well-known executables host\r\n                multiple independent components, and in these cases the\r\n                sequence of components involved in creating the connection\r\n                or listening port is displayed. In this case the executable\r\n                name is in [] at the bottom, on top is the component it called,\r\n                and so forth until TCP/IP was reached. Note that this option\r\n                can be time-consuming and will fail unless you have sufficient\r\n                permissions.\r\n  -e            Displays Ethernet statistics. This may be combined with the -s\r\n                option.\r\n  -n            Displays addresses and port numbers in numerical form.\r\n  -o            Displays the owning process ID associated with each connection.\r\n  -p proto      Shows connections for the protocol specified by proto; proto\r\n                may be any of: TCP, UDP, TCPv6, or UDPv6.  If used with the -s\r\n                option to display per-protocol statistics, proto may be any of:\r\n                IP, IPv6, ICMP, ICMPv6, TCP, TCPv6, UDP, or UDPv6.\r\n  -r            Displays the routing table.\r\n  -s            Displays per-protocol statistics.  By default, statistics are\r\n                shown for IP, IPv6, ICMP, ICMPv6, TCP, TCPv6, UDP, and UDPv6;\r\n                the -p option may be used to specify a subset of the default.\r\n  -v            When used in conjunction with -b, will display sequence of\r\n                components involved in creating the connection or listening\r\n                port for all executables.\r\n  interval      Redisplays selected statistics, pausing interval seconds\r\n                between each display.  Press CTRL+C to stop redisplaying\r\n                statistics.  If omitted, netstat will print the current\r\n                configuration information once. \r\n
0x400028a2 |   [System]\r\n\r\n
0x400028a3 |   -- unknown component(s) --\r\n
0x400028a4 |   %1!s!\r\n
0x400028a5 |   [%1!s!]\r\n\r\n
0x40003a9f | Reservation for namespace identified by URL prefix %2 was successfully added.\r\n
0x40003aa0 | Reservation for namespace identified by URL prefix %2 was successfully deleted.\r\n
0x40003aa7 | Unable to convert all entries on IP Listen-Only list.  Driver will listen on all available interfaces.\r\n
0x4000ad01 | Auditusr 1.0\r\n
0x4000ad02 | Type "auditusr /?" for details.%n\r\n
0x4000ad03 | Auditusr - sets per user auditing policy.\r\n/? prints command-line help.\r\nIf no parameters are given then the current settings will be displayed.\r\nSpecify one of:\r\n/is <security principal>:<list of comma-delimited categories>\r\n   adds or changes an include-success entry\r\n/if <security principal>:<list of comma-delimited categories>\r\n   adds or changes an include-failure entry\r\n/es <security principal>:<list of comma-delimited categories>\r\n   adds or changes an exclude-success entry\r\n/ef <security principal>:<list of comma-delimited categories>\r\n   adds or changes an exclude-failure entry\r\n/r <security principal>\r\n   removes all per-user auditing entries for that security principal\r\n/ra\r\n   removes all per-user auditing entries\r\n/e <filename>\r\n   exports current per-user auditing settings to a file\r\n/i <filename>\r\n   imports current per-user auditing settings from a file\r\nValid categories are:\r\n
0x4000ad04 | include:success:\r\n
0x4000ad05 | include:failure:\r\n
0x4000ad06 | exclude:success:\r\n
0x4000ad07 | exclude:failure:\r\n
0x8000000a | The kerberos subsystem is having problems fetching tickets from\r\nyour domain controller using the UDP network protocol.  This is\r\ntypically due to network problems.  Please contact your system\r\nadministrator.\r\n
0x8000000c | While using your smartcard over a VPN connection, the Kerberos subsystem\r\nencountered an error.  Typically, this indicates the card has been pulled\r\nfrom the reader during the VPN session.  One possible solution is to close\r\nthe VPN connection, reinsert the card, and restablish the connection.\r\n
0x8000000d | While using your smartcard for the Credential Manager, the Kerberos\r\nsubsystem encountered an error that appears to be from a\r\nmissing or incorrect smartcard PIN.  To remedy, launch the Stored User Names and Passwords\r\ncontrol panel applet, and reenter the pin for the credential for %1%2%3.\r\n
0x8000000e | There were password errors using the Credential Manager.\r\nTo remedy, launch the Stored User Names and Passwords control panel\r\napplet, and reenter the password for the credential %1%2%3.\r\n
0x800003fb | Windows XP Starter Edition: Unsupported state (detail: %2) repaired.\r\n
0x80000502 | Failed to open IKE ports (UDP 500/4500) in the Windows Firewall.\r\n
0x80000503 | Failed to close IKE ports (UDP 500/4500) in the Windows Firewall.\r\n
0x800006a4 | There is no local EFS certificate that is used to encrypt this file. No\r\nlocal EFS certificate is backed up.\r\n
0x800006a5 | There is no local current EFS certificate to be backed up.\r\n
0x800006a6 | Your certificates and the corresponding keys are being backed up. If you didn't start the process, press CANCEL. Press OK to confirm.\r\n
0x800006a7 | EFS certificate(s) is(are) backed up successfully.\r\n
0x800006a8 | EFS certificate backup failed.\r\n
0x800006a9 | EFS certificate and key backup.\r\n
0x800006aa | Please type the backup PFX file name.\r\n
0x800006ab | Output PFX file path too long. Make it shorter and try again.\r\n
0x800006fe | Displays or alters the encryption of directories [files] on NTFS partitions.\r\n\r\n  CIPHER [/E | /D] [/S:directory] [/A] [/I] [/F] [/Q] [/H] [pathname [...]]\r\n\r\n  CIPHER /K\r\n\r\n  CIPHER /R:filename\r\n\r\n  CIPHER /U [/N]\r\n\r\n  CIPHER /W:directory\r\n\r\n  CIPHER /X[:efsfile] [filename]\r\n\r\n    /A        Operates on files as well as directories. The encrypted file\r\n              could become decrypted when it is modified if the parent\r\n              directory is not encrypted. It is recommended that you encrypt\r\n              the file and the parent directory.\r\n    /D        Decrypts the specified directories. Directories will be marked\r\n              so that files added afterward will not be encrypted.\r\n    /E        Encrypts the specified directories. Directories will be marked\r\n              so that files added afterward will be encrypted.\r\n    /F        Forces the encryption operation on all specified objects, even\r\n              those which are already encrypted.  Already-encrypted objects\r\n              are skipped by default.\r\n    /H        Displays files with the hidden or system attributes.  These\r\n              files are omitted by default.\r\n    /I        Continues performing the specified operation even after errors\r\n              have occurred.  By default, CIPHER stops when an error is\r\n              encountered.\r\n    /K        Creates new file encryption key for the user running CIPHER. If\r\n              this option is chosen, all the other options will be ignored.\r\n    /N        This option only works with /U. This will prevent keys being\r\n              updated. This is used to find all the encrypted files on the\r\n              local drives.\r\n    /Q        Reports only the most essential information.\r\n    /R        Generates an EFS recovery agent key and certificate, then writes\r\n              them to a .PFX file (containing certificate and private key) and\r\n              a .CER file (containing only the certificate). An administrator\r\n              may add the contents of the .CER to the EFS recovery policy to\r\n              create the recovery agent for users, and import the .PFX to\r\n              recover individual files.\r\n    /S        Performs the specified operation on directories in the given\r\n              directory and all subdirectories.\r\n    /U        Tries to touch all the encrypted files on local drives. This will\r\n              update user's file encryption key or recovery agent's key to the\r\n              current ones if they are changed. This option does not work with\r\n              other options except /N.\r\n    /W        Removes data from available unused disk space on the entire\r\n              volume. If this option is chosen, all other options are ignored.\r\n              The directory specified can be anywhere in a local volume. If it\r\n              is a mount point or points to a directory in another volume, the\r\n              data on that volume will be removed.\r\n    /X        Backup EFS certificate and keys into file filename. If efsfile is\r\n              provided, the current user's certificate(s) used to encrypt the\r\n              file will be backed up. Otherwise, the user's current EFS\r\n              certificate and keys will be backed up.\r\n\r\n\r\n    directory A directory path.\r\n    filename  A filename without extensions.\r\n    pathname  Specifies a pattern, file or directory.\r\n    efsfile   An encrypted file path.\r\n\r\n    Used without parameters, CIPHER displays the encryption state of\r\n    the current directory and any files it contains. You may use multiple\r\n    directory names and wildcards.  You must put spaces between multiple\r\n    parameters.\r\n
0x80000989 | MS DTC has received an invalid message. Event specific Information: %1.%0\r\n
0x80001082 | TCP/IP has reached the security limit imposed on the number of concurrent TCP connect attempts.\r\n
0x800015e3 | A provider, %1, has been registered in the WMI namespace, %2, but did not specify the HostingModel property.  This provider will be run using the LocalSystem account.  This account is privileged and the provider may cause a security violation if it does not correctly impersonate user requests.  Ensure that provider has been reviewed for security behavior and update the HostingModel property of the provider registration to an account with the least privileges possible for the required functionality.\r\n
0x8000279b | {Display Driver Stopped Responding}\r\nThe %hs display driver has stopped working normally. Save your work and reboot the system to restore full display functionality. The next time you reboot the machine a dialog will be displayed giving you a chance to upload data about this failure to Microsoft.\r\n
0xc00003ed | Windows cannot access the file %1 for one of the following reasons: \r\nthere is a problem with the network connection, the disk that the file is stored on, or the storage \r\ndrivers installed on this computer; or the disk is missing. \r\nWindows closed the program %2 because of this error.%n%nProgram: %2%nFile: %1%n%nThe error value is listed in the Additional Data section.%nUser Action%n1. Open the file again. \r\nThis situation might be a temporary problem that corrects itself when the program runs again.%n2. \r\nIf the file still cannot be accessed and%n%t- It is on the network, \r\nyour network administrator should verify that there is not a problem with the network and that the server can be contacted.%n%t- It is on a removable disk, for example, a floppy disk or CD-ROM, verify that the disk is fully inserted into the computer.%n3. Check and repair the file system by running CHKDSK. To run CHKDSK, click Start, click Run, type CMD, and then click OK. At the command prompt, type CHKDSK /F, and then press ENTER.%n4. If the problem persists, restore the file from a backup copy.%n5. Determine whether other files on the same disk can be opened. If not, the disk might be damaged. If it is a hard disk, contact your administrator or computer hardware vendor for \r\nfurther assistance.%nAdditional Data%nError value: %3%nDisk type: %4\r\n
0xc00003f8 | Windows XP Starter Edition: Unsupported state (type %1).\r\n
0xc00003f9 | Windows XP Starter Edition: Unsupported state (type %1) repaired.\r\n
0xc00003fc | Windows XP Starter Edition: Unsupported state (detail: %2).\r\n
0xc0000454 | Windows cannot read the user policy loopback mode for policy application. (%1). Group Policy processing aborted.\r\n
0xc0000455 | %1 from a different forest logged onto this machine. Cross Forest Group Policy processing is disabled and loopback processing has been enforced in this forest for this user account.\r\n
0xc0000456 | Attempt to determine whether user and machine accounts are in the same forest failed (%1).\r\n
0xc00005f9 | Cross Forest roaming user profiles are disabled. Windows did not load your roaming profile and is logging you on with a local profile. Changes to the profile will not be copied to the server when you logoff.  Contact your network administrator.\r\n
0xc000070a | The Windows Security Center Service was unable to establish event queries with WMI to monitor third party AntiVirus and Firewall.\r\n
0xc000070b | The Windows Security Center Service was unable to load instances of FirewallProduct from WMI.\r\n
0xc000070c | The Windows Security Center Service was unable to load instances of AntiVirusProduct from WMI.\r\n
0xc000070d | The Windows Security Center detected a third party product with a non-guid instanceId.  InstanceID=%1.\r\n
0xc000070e | The Windows Security Center was unable to establish event queries with WMI to monitor service start/stop.\r\n
0xc000098a | The XA Transaction Manager is in an inconsistent state and cannot proceed. XA Transactions will not take place. Please contact Microsoft Product Support. %1 %0\r\n
0xc000098b | The XA Transaction Manager cannot load the requested XA Dll since a registry entry is required for this operation. Please create a string value in the registry under HKLM\Software\Microsoft\MSDTC\XADLL where the value name is the name of the dll in the format dllname.dll and the value is the full path of the Dll. If you are not sure about the name or path of your XA Dll then please check the documentation for your XA provider. If this machine is part of a cluster please note that this registry entry needs to be made for each node in the cluster. %1 %0\r\n
0xc00015e1 | The WinMgmt service failed to load the repository files under the directory %windir%\system32\wbem\repository.  This \r\ncan be caused by a corruption in the repository files, security settings on this directory, lack disk space, or other \r\nsystem resource issues like lack of memory.  If this error happens every time the machine is rebooted then the \r\nadministrator on this machine may need to stop WinMgmt service, delete all files and directories under this location, \r\nand restarting the WinMgmt service.\r\n
0xc00015e2 | The WinMgmt service repository in the %windir%\system32\wbem\repository could not be upgraded during setup.  \r\nIt was moved to the %1 directory, and a new one has been created.\r\n
0xc0001811 | The document %1 owned by %2 failed to print on printer %3. Data type: %4. Size of the spool file in bytes: %5. Number of bytes printed: %6. Total number of pages in the document: %7. Number of pages printed: %8. Client machine: %9. Win32 error code returned by the print processor: %10. %11\r\n
0xc000271e | The machine wide limit settings do not grant %1 %2 permission for COM Server applications to the user %3\%4 SID (%5).  This security permission can be modified using the Component Services administrative tool.\r\n
0xc000271f | The machine wide limit settings do not grant %1 %2 permission for the COM Server application with CLSID %n%3%n to the user %4\%5 SID (%6).  This security permission can be modified using the Component Services administrative tool.\r\n
0xc0002720 | The %1 permission settings do not grant %2 %3 permission for the COM Server application with CLSID %n%4%n to the user %5\%6 SID (%7).  This security permission can be modified using the Component Services administrative tool.\r\n
0xc0002721 | The %1 permission settings do not grant %2 access permission to the COM Server application %3 to the user %4\%5 SID (%6).This security permission can be modified using the Component Services administrative tool.\r\n
0xc0002722 | The application-specific permission settings do not grant %1 access permission to the COM Server application %2 to the user %3\%4 SID (%5).The application set this security permission programmatically; to modify this security permission contact the application vendor.\r\n
0xc0002723 | The machine wide limit settings do not grant %1 access permission to the COM Server application %2 to the user %3\%4 SID (%5).  This security permission can be modified using the Component Services administrative tool.\r\n
0xc0002724 | The machine wide %1 %2 security descriptor is invalid. It contains Access Control Entries with permissions that are invalid. The requested action was therefore not performed. This security permission can be corrected using the Component Services administrative tool.\r\n
0xc0002725 | The launch and activation security descriptor for the COM Server application with CLSID %n%1%n is invalid. It contains Access Control Entries with permissions that are invalid. The requested action was therefore not performed. This security permission can be corrected using the Component Services administrative tool.\r\n
0xc0002726 | The %1 access security descriptor for the COM Server application %2 is invalid. It contains Access Control Entries with permissions that are invalid. The requested action was therefore not performed. This security permission can be corrected using the Component Services administrative tool.\r\n
0xc0002727 | The application-specific access security descriptor for the COM Server application %1 is invalid. It contains Access Control Entries with permissions that are invalid. The requested action was therefore not performed.  The application set this security permission programmatically; to modify this security permission contact the application vendor.\r\n
0xc0002728 | The machine wide group policy %1 Limits security descriptor is invalid. The security descriptor is defined as an invalid Security Descriptor Definitions Language (SDDL) string. The requested action was therefore not performed. Please contact your administrator to get the security descriptor corrected in the Group Policy settings.\r\n
0xc0003a98 | Unable to create log file %2. Make sure that the logging directory is correct and this computer has write access to that directory. \r\n
0xc0003a99 | Unable to create the log file for site W3SVC%2. Make sure that the logging directory for the site is correct and this computer has write access to that directory. \r\n
0xc0003a9a | Unable to write to the log file %2 for site W3SVC%3. Disk may be full. If this is a network path, make sure that network connectivity is not broken.\r\n
0xc0003a9b | Unable to create the centralized binary log file. Make sure that the logging directory is correct and this computer has write access to that directory.\r\n
0xc0003a9c | Unable to write to the centralized binary log file %2. Disk may be full. If this is a network path, make sure that network connectivity is not broken.\r\n
0xc0003a9d | Unable to bind to the underlying transport for %2. The IP Listen-Only list may contain a reference to an interface which may not exist on this machine.  The data field contains the error number.\r\n
0xc0003a9e | Owner of the log file or directory %2 is invalid. This could be because another user has already created the log file or the directory.\r\n
0xc0003aa1 | An error occured while initializing namespace reservations.  The error status code is contained within the returned data.\r\n
0xc0003aa2 | An error occured while initializing namespace reservation identified by URL prefix %2.  The error status code is contained within the returned data.\r\n
0xc0003aa3 | Unable to create the error log file. Make sure that the error logging directory is correct.\r\n
0xc0003aa4 | Unable to write to the error log file. Disk may be full. The data field contains the error number.\r\n
0xc0003aa5 | Error logging configuration failed. The data field contains the error number.\r\n
0xc0003aa6 | Unable to convert IP Listen-Only list entry %2.  The data field contains the error number.\r\n
0xc000562c | Copies files and directory trees.\r\n\r\nXCOPY source [destination] [/A | /M] [/D[:date]] [/P] [/S [/E]] [/V] [/W]\r\n                           [/C] [/I] [/Q] [/F] [/L] [/G] [/H] [/R] [/T] [/U]\r\n                           [/K] [/N] [/O] [/X] [/Y] [/-Y] [/Z]\r\n                           [/EXCLUDE:file1[+file2][+file3]...]\r\n\r\n  source       Specifies the file(s) to copy.\r\n  destination  Specifies the location and/or name of new files.\r\n  /A           Copies only files with the archive attribute set,\r\n               doesn't change the attribute.\r\n  /M           Copies only files with the archive attribute set,\r\n               turns off the archive attribute.\r\n  /D:m-d-y     Copies files changed on or after the specified date.\r\n               If no date is given, copies only those files whose\r\n               source time is newer than the destination time.\r\n  /EXCLUDE:file1[+file2][+file3]...\r\n               Specifies a list of files containing strings.  Each string\r\n               should be in a separate line in the files.  When any of the\r\n               strings match any part of the absolute path of the file to be\r\n               copied, that file will be excluded from being copied.  For\r\n               example, specifying a string like \obj\ or .obj will exclude\r\n               all files underneath the directory obj or all files with the\r\n               .obj extension respectively.\r\n  /P           Prompts you before creating each destination file.\r\n  /S           Copies directories and subdirectories except empty ones.\r\n  /E           Copies directories and subdirectories, including empty ones.\r\n               Same as /S /E. May be used to modify /T.\r\n  /V           Verifies each new file.\r\n  /W           Prompts you to press a key before copying.\r\n  /C           Continues copying even if errors occur.\r\n  /I           If destination does not exist and copying more than one file,\r\n               assumes that destination must be a directory.\r\n  /Q           Does not display file names while copying.\r\n  /F           Displays full source and destination file names while copying.\r\n  /L           Displays files that would be copied.\r\n  /G           Allows the copying of encrypted files to destination that does\r\n               not support encryption.\r\n  /H           Copies hidden and system files also.\r\n  /R           Overwrites read-only files.\r\n  /T           Creates directory structure, but does not copy files. Does not\r\n               include empty directories or subdirectories. /T /E includes\r\n               empty directories and subdirectories.\r\n  /U           Copies only files that already exist in destination.\r\n  /K           Copies attributes. Normal Xcopy will reset read-only attributes.\r\n  /N           Copies using the generated short names.\r\n  /O           Copies file ownership and ACL information.\r\n  /X           Copies file audit settings (implies /O).\r\n  /Y           Suppresses prompting to confirm you want to overwrite an\r\n               existing destination file.\r\n  /-Y          Causes prompting to confirm you want to overwrite an\r\n               existing destination file.\r\n  /Z           Copies networked files in restartable mode.\r\n\r\nThe switch /Y may be preset in the COPYCMD environment variable.\r\nThis may be overridden with /-Y on the command line.\r\n
0xc0009c40 | Schema Validation for %2 has failed during phase 2. The reason is '%1'.\r\n
0xc0009c41 | Schema Validation for %2 has failed during phase 2. The reason is Attribute '%1' doesn't match schema.\r\n
0xc0009c42 | Schema Validation for %2 has failed during phase 1. The reason is '%1'.\r\n
0xc0009c43 | Download scheduling for file %2 has failed. The reason is '%1'.\r\n
0xc0009c44 | Maximum file size constraints for domain %2 have been exceeded. The reason is '%1'.\r\n
